backward compatibility issue in workflows (#4275)
saleor/saleor-dashboard: .changeset/proud-pears-end.md

---
"saleor-dashboard": minor
---

> bring back CYPRESS_baseUrl as env var since needed as backawrd compatibilty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bring back CYPRESS_baseUrl as env var which is needed for backward compatibility
```
